Daniel and Noah. 

THE FIXES/CURRENT PROBLEMS/TESTING/ETC:
The time it takes to run the vulnerability scan. 
When packaging with PS2EXE it still compiles the additional files as scripts and therefore cannot be run
on a system that does not have scripts enabled. There is a possibilty of using hashes or base64 to interally
call the other modules so it doesn't run as a external script and falls underneath the same exe. 

Testing needs to be quantifiable as mentioned below in detail. 
Another issue that we have is we would really like to have a single command that we could run from powershell
that would pull the entire project and run it similar to ChrisTitus WinUtil. 
I would also like to see any additional things that we could add from the other tool in our references. 

THINGS TO KEEP IN MIND:
We need to emphasize logging for the defense presentation. How and why that is important. 
We mainly need to focus on how we are going to write the test script for the entire program. 
A future work section that we can keep in mind for our presentation is having an extra module or additional settings
for power users who want to really lock down their pc. WE can use the STIGS and other government resources to back that up. 

CHALLENGES WE HAVE OVERCOME:
One of the hardest challenges that we overcame was figuring out how to run the vulnerability scanner. 
This was a pretty difficult challenge as the online NVD API has a hard rate limit of 5 queries per 30 secs
It then has a hard lock if you exceed that too many times from the same IP. 
In order to get around this issue, we pulled down the daily updated NVD .targz/file
That contains all of the CVES generated throughout the year. The unfortunate part of doing that
is that is can take several minutes to parse through the entire document and pull
all of the CVE information. 

Another difficult challenge that we faced was learning powershell and getting comfortable with
programming an entire UI using windows forms elements. Turns out that windows forms can look
suprisingly good if you add coloring and a couple of UI element adjustments. 

Another really difficult challenge was packaging it as a single EXE. At the very beginning I wanted
an application/EXE that I could download or run from a USB quickly. 
However, compiling with PS2EXE has been more of a challenge than expected.
Scripts that are compiled into the main exe are not executed as an additional EXE
but rather an external script called by the program. We are attempting a few ways to get around this issue. 

Instructor & Internal Feedback: 

THE GOOD:
I like how you mapped all the test cases clearly to the requirements. 
Also, the feature set is well categorized and structured. 
Also, good thinking around constraints.

Overall we have a functional product that can work as long as scripts are enabled on the system. 
The UI looks fantastic and there are slight changes that we can make like console output for module runs etc. 
At the end of the day we have really created a security and performance application that can be used on windows 11.
This can be used by many different types of users, is pretty user friendly. 

THE BAD
Note that the instructions expect that you have Entry Criteria / Exit Criteria (part of the ISTQB standard).
Examples:
Entry criteria for unit testing (e.g., modules compile, requirements baseline, development complete).
Exit criteria (e.g., all unit tests pass; no Critical or High defects open).

Solution: This would be fixed whenever re-evaluating our unit testing. 

Also, state whether tests are run by the developer, peer testers, or external users.

Solution: Tests are only run or performed by the developer. User Acceptance Testing may be removed.
The app only needs to appeal to Daniel and Noah. 

Be more specific with the test environment. This is particularly important for your project because it checks the system state. Include the following:
hardware specs,
OS versions,
tools,
data sources/scripts,
restore point expectations,
and how environments are reset between tests.

Solution: Be very specific about the test environment including the windows version numbers, BIOS Build, 
minimum or base hardware specs. Tools utilized. Sources either internal or external. Restore point expectations. 

The expected results must be quantifiable (measurable) to know if the tests pass. Consider these examples from your plan:
“disables animations,”
“improves system performance,”
“runs within a reasonable time.”
The probably should be something like this:
“Animations are disabled as verified by registry value X = 0.”
“Startup delay reduced by Y ms as shown in registry key HKCU\Software\Microsoft...”
“Module execution finishes within 5 seconds (fit criterion for R-XXX).”

Solution: Ensure that all testing performed has a quantifiable measureable outcome. 

You don't need to include all types of testing. 
However, if you include user acceptance testing (UAT), 
you must have formal scripts (what you will say to the participants), 
scenarios (what you will ask them to do), 
and methods (what you will measure).

Solution: After re-evaluating our testing and test cases we should arrive on the types that will be used for further testing.
Removal of acceptance testing UAT. 

NOTES:
There are additional things that will come up as we resume production on this project. 
This file serves to annotate the good, bad, and issues that we have with our current build. 
Please feel free to add anything else necessary here. 
